Marcio/Notifications-new-content (#2343)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: products/fundamentals/src/content/notifications/create-notifications.md

> ---

Reviewer: Should the filename follow the first heading text? I'd rename it to `create-notification.md` (singular), since we're creating the file.

order: 6
pcx-content-type: how-to
---

# Create a Notification

> 1. Log in to the [Cloudflare dashboard](https://dash.cloudflare.com/login) and select your account / domain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Log in to the [Cloudflare dashboard](https://dash.cloudflare.com/login) and select your account.
```
You don't need to select a domain to access **Notifications**, right?

1. Go to **Notifications**.
1. Click **Add**.
1. Click **Select** on the Notification you want to enable. The list of Notifications available depends on the [type of account you have](/notifications/notification-available).
1. Give the Notification a name to identify it. 
1. Add a way to be notified, like an email address. Professional and Business plans will have access to other options such as configuring PagerDuty or accessing webhooks.
1. Click **Create**.

> This will take you back to your list of Notifications, where the new Notification will appear as **Enabled**.

Reviewer: Nit: I'd use something like the following:
`The browser will navigate back to the list of Notifications, (...)`

Author: done

## PagerDuty

> Professional plans or higher can configure PagerDuty to receive notifications about their Cloudflare account. If you do not have a PagerDuty account, refer to document on [how to link your Cloudflare account to PagerDuty](/notifications/create-pagerduty).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Professional plans or higher can configure PagerDuty to receive notifications about their Cloudflare account. If you do not have a PagerDuty account, learn [how to link your Cloudflare account to PagerDuty](/notifications/create-pagerduty).
```
I'd remove the "document on" part... I proposed an alternative sentence. Another possibility would be `refer to [Configure PagerDuty](...)`.

## Webhooks to external services

> There are a variety of services you can connect to Cloudflare using webhooks to receive Notifications from your Cloudflare account. Refer to the document on [how to link some of the most popular services](/notifications/create-webhooks) to your Cloudflare account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are a variety of services you can connect to Cloudflare using webhooks to receive Notifications from your Cloudflare account. Learn [how to link some of the most popular services](/notifications/create-webhooks) to your Cloudflare account.
```
